docs(root): added @next scope, updated instructions to latest (#1296)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/vue.mdx

```shell
// using npm
npm install @ukic/web-components@next @ukic/fonts@next

// using yarn
rm package-lock.json
yarn add @ukic/web-components@next @ukic/fonts@next
```

## Step two

Add the necessary options to your relevant configuration:

### In-Browser config
This only works if using in-browser compilation.

```jsx
app.config.compilerOptions.isCustomElement = (tag) => tag.startsWith("ic-");
```

### Vite config
Add the following to your `vite.config.js`:

```jsx
import vue from "@vitejs/plugin-vue";

export default {
  plugins: [
    vue({
      template: {
        compilerOptions: {

>           // treat any tag that starts with ic- as custom elementss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // treat any tag that starts with ic- as a custom element
```

      template: {
        compilerOptions: {

>           // treat all tags with a dash as custom elements

Reviewer 2: should this comment be changed to reference only "ic" elements rather than all custom elements?

Author: Updated!
